DECISION ANALYTICS                  Individual Assignment                                           Page  of 14
In this assignment, you are required to: 
•Provide a corporate data solution for a selected business problem by 
building a NoSQL Application. 
•You are required to document the solution by explaining the characteristic, 
applications, strengths and limitations. 
•Submit the softcopy of your documentation (PDF ONLY) and application ( 65 
Marks). 
•You will have a viva session which will be published at a later date. Duration is 
30 -- 45 minutes (35 Marks). 
Learning Outcome is:  
 To understand what is meant by the family of database technologies usually   
referred to as NOSQL; And be able to explain the characteristic, applications, 
strengths and limitations of this family of database technologies. 
  
Level 5                                                     Asia Paciﬁc InsAtute of InformaAon Technology 2022
DECISION ANALYTICS                  Individual Assignment                                           Page  of 24
Deliverables 
The instructions for submitting files are:  
•The coursework assessment is a report and the application. The report should 
explain the characteristic, applications, strengths and limitations of the NoSQL 
application. 
The Viva 
You are required to present your work at the viva day. Please note the following: 
•You will be advised of the time and place where you will do your presentation in 
due course, but these will normally take place on the week after your submission. 
•At the end of the demonstration you will be asked a series of questions to explore 
your understanding of the developed NoSQL application and expect to write 
commands.    
Assessment Criteria: 
Level 5                                                     Asia Paciﬁc InsAtute of InformaAon Technology 2022
DECISION ANALYTICS                  Individual Assignment                                           Page  of 34
The following guidelines indicate the standard that will be expected for each grade. 
Grade A (70% and above) 
A quality piece of work which demonstrates excellent understanding. The key and 
fundamental issues will be explored in detail, including aspects of concept and 
practice. The report should be clear and concise with a high standard of intellectual 
discussion. NoSQL application is very clear and functioning very well. The student 
will be able to discuss their design and implementation at the presentation and will be 
able to explain to describe the way in which they have attempted the project. 
Grade B (60 – 69%) 
Demonstrates a reasonable understanding of the problem. The report should be 
structured, demonstrating clarity of understanding and presentation. 
The key and fundamental issues will be explored in some detail, including aspects 
of concept and practice. NoSQL application is very clear and functioning very well 
with minor issues. The student will be able to discuss their implementation at 
presentation and will be able to explain to describe the way in which they have 
attempted the project.   
Grade C  (50 – 59%) 
Demonstrates an adequate understanding of the problem. The report should be 
structured in an acceptable manner with minor issues, demonstrating clarity of 
understanding and presentation. The key and fundamental issues will be explored in 
some detail, including aspects-of concept and practice. Working NoSQL application 
has presented by the student. The student will be able to discuss their 
implementation at presentation and will be able to explain to describe the way in 
which they have attempted the project.   
Grade D (40 – 49%) 
Demonstrates a basic understanding of the problem, outlining the fundamental and 
key issues of the topic area. Documentation will be adequate but explanations may 
be limited during the presentation.  A bare minimum NoSQL application is given. 
Grade E (fail)  (40 – 0%) 
Level 5                                                     Asia Paciﬁc InsAtute of InformaAon Technology 2022
DECISION ANALYTICS                  Individual Assignment                                           Page  of 44
Demonstrates poor understanding of the problem or no attempt at all. The NoSQL 
application may have limited functionality and major errors and/or omissions are 
likely. Documentation very limited or not to an acceptable standard.  Explanations will 
be limited but sufficient to demonstrate that the student understands the work that 
has been submitted. 
Zero marks will be awarded for non-submission. 
Level 5                                                     Asia Paciﬁc InsAtute of InformaAon Technology 2022